---
title: v1.9.9.0 Update Notes
tags: [Update Notes, 1.9.9.0]
---

## Modifications on Daily Routines

- A game performance issue due to delayed execution of the task queue has been fixed.
- A internal thread management which is overly complicated was removed for better performance and stability.
- The performance while requesting data from Universalis was improved.
- The local time generation is now more accurate.
- Now the initialization and uninstallation are both on the main thread in order to prevent the game from crashing.
- Now the auto command completion window will be zoomed out if there's no suggestion available.
- The logic of instant movement shared within Daily Routines was optimized.

## Module Information adjustments

- `Auto Use Gysahl Greens` → `Auto Summon Companion`
    - The internal name was also adjusted accordingly. It requires users to re-enable the module after the update.

## Module category adjustments

### Auto Logout

`System` → `General`

### Auto Highlight Actions Based On Status

`Combat` → `Action`

## Module modifications

### Better Company Chest [UI_Optimization]

- A text issue has been fixed.

### Auto Collect Subaquatic Voyages [UI_Operation]

- The vanilla error prompt `Unable to access airship/submersible.` would no longer present, since it's irrelevant and may cause confusion.

### Auto Mark Aether Currents [UI_Optimization]

- An `OutOfRange` exception may occur in non-instanced areas has been fixed.

### Auto Start FATE [Combat]

- The module was refactored. The performance was greatly improved.

### Auto Cutscene End Notification [Notification]

- The module was completely refactored adopting a more efficient and reliable implementation.

### Fast Teleportation Panel [UI_Optimization]

- A more accurate logic for identifying quest NPC was introduced for quest teleportation.
- An issue that the actual destination may deviate from the expected in some rare cases has been fixed.

### Auto Use Quest Event Item [General]

- The performance was greatly improved.
- A retry logic was introduced.
- Now the module won't attempt to use any item in combat.

### Better Instance Switching [System]

- The performance was improved. The data update delay was decreased.

### Better World Visit [System]

- The performance was improved. The data update delay was decreased.

### Occult Crescent Helper [Assistance]

- The performance was improved.

### Better Enmity List [UI_Optimization]

- The performance while updating data was improved.

### Alexander Cuff Of Father Helper [Assistance]

- The module was refactored. The performance was greatly improved.

### Auto Open Treasure Coffers [Combat]

- The module was completely refactored. The performance was greatly improved.

### Better Auto Follow [System]

- The performance was greatly improved.

### Frontline Map Radar [Combat]

- The performance was greatly improved.

### Quickly Exchange Seals For Items [UI_Operation]

- A crash issue due to new data structures in the interface has been fixed.
- A more reliable logic for auto confirmation was introduced.

### Hullbreaker Isle Helper [Assistance]

- The module was refactored. The performance was greatly improved.
- An issue that some events may not be aborted or destroyed properly if users disable the module within the duty `Hullbreaker Isle` has been fixed.

### Live Anonymous Mode [General]

- The performance of `Refresh` was slightly improved.
- Now `Refresh` would re-generate all the appearance of nearby players.
- The performance while generating obfuscated player IDs was improved.
- The drawing logic of the configurations was refactored.
- An exception due to multiple unexpected cleanups of LRU cache has been fixed.

### Auto Convert Texts With Coordinates [System]

- The performance while converting coordinates was slightly improved.

### Auto Gather In The Diadem [Script]

- The previous rough wayfinding logic was removed. Now the module would initiate vnavmesh ground wayfinding at the very beginning of the process.
- Some issues within windmire checks have been fixed.
- Now the interval between leaving the duty and re-joining is 2 seconds in the `Clouded Node Gathering` mode.
- The configuration `Always Wayfinding` and all the instant movement logic were removed due to the new refined wayfinding feature.

### Auto Gardening [General]

- Now the module would cancel targeting before initiating the process.

### Auto Out On A Limb [Gold_Saucer]

- The module was completely refactored. The stability was improved. Bad results occur less often now.
- The efficiency was improved. Some optimization measures dedicated to low FPS environment were introduced.

### Sastasha Helper [Assistance]

- The module was refactored. The performance was improved.
- An issue that some events may not be aborted or destroyed properly if users disable the module within the duty `Sastasha` has been fixed.

### Fast Object Interaction [UI_Optimization]

- The module was completely refactored. The performance was greatly improved.
- The drawing logic of the configuration interface was refactored.

### Auto Cancel Cast [Action]

- The performance was slightly improved.

### Auto Adjust Battle Effect Visibility [System]

- The performance was improved. The timeliness of updating related settings was improved.

### Auto Count Players Nearby [General]

- The performance was slightly improved.
- The interval between requesting the number of players was extended in `Occult Crescent`.

### Auto Mount Action [General]

- The module was completely refactored. The performance was greatly improved.

### Better Blacklist [UI_Optimization]

- The performance was slightly improved.

### Auto Stellar Sprint [Action]

- The module was completely refactored. The performance was improved. The timeliness of executing `Stellar Sprint` was improved.

### Customize Game Object Scale [System]

- The module was completely refactored. The performance was greatly improved.
- Now the configuration interface supports entering hexadecimal IDs starting with `0x`.

### Auto Display IDs [UI_Optimization]

- The update mechanism of area and map IDs was refactored. The performance was improved.

### Auto Orient To Camera Direction [System]

- The module was refactored. The performance was improved.
- The drawing logic of the configuration interface was refactored.

### Auto Chaotic Raid Bonus Notification [Notification]

- The module was refactored. The performance was improved.

### Auto Logout [General]

- The module was refactored. The performance was improved.

### Auto Bonus FATE Notification [Notification]

- The module was completely refactored. The performance was improved. The notification timeliness was improved.
- The appearance of chat messages and notifications was adjusted.

### Auto Summon Companion [General]

- The module was completely refactored. The performance was improved.
- The logic of summoning the companion was adjusted.

### Multi-Target Tracker [General]

- The module was completely refactored. The performance was greatly improved.
- Now the module will no longer track players in local.

### Auto Open Map Link in Chat [General]

- The option texts in the right-click menu were adjusted in order to prevent prolonged texts.

### Auto Highlight Actions Based On Status [Action]

- The module was completely refactored. The performance was greatly improved.
- An issue of inconsistent highlighting logic after debuff expiration on target has been fixed.

### Healer Helper [Action]

- The module was refactored. The performance was greatly improved.
- An issue that `Change card issuance target` didn't work for NPCs has been fixed.

### Auto Display Mitigation Details [Combat]

- The module was refactored. The performance was greatly improved.
- The configuration `Only In Combat` was removed and the module works only in combat or in duty.