---
title: v1.9.7.0 Update Notes
tags: [Update Notes, 1.9.7.0]
---

## Modifications on Daily Routines

- The logic of acquiring and saving duty areas was optimized. A leak issue has been fixed.
- A major refactor of the underlying architecture was performed. The overall performance and memory footprint were optimized.
- The performance of auto command completion was optimized.

## Module modifications

### Better Teleportation [UI_Optimization]

- The refreshment logic of data sources was adjusted.

### Auto Cuff-a-Cur [Gold_Saucer]

- A overflow issue has been fixed.

### Better Friend List [UI_Optimization]

- An issue that nicknames and comments may not be saved properly has been fixed.
- The refreshment logic of interface data was optimized.
- The memory management was improved.
- The display logic of information within the `Location` column was optimized.

### Better Instance Switching [System]

- The display logic of information in Server Info Bas was adjusted. The information would be displayed only in areas with instances available.
- An issue that, information of the current instance may be updated after a significant delay if the area doesn't allow to mount and the option `Auto mount after instance switching` is enabled, has been fixed.

### Better World Visit [System]

- The logic was optimized and streamlined.
- An issue that World Visit information may still be requested even if it's not on a CN client has been fixed.

### Auto Login [General]

- The module was refactored adopting a more reliable implementation.

### Auto Sort Items [General]

- An issue that the module may not work for free-trial characters has been fixed.

### Auto Highlight Map Flag [General]

- The previous compatibility issue has been solved due to the latest refactor, and the module is available now.

### Chinese Number Format [UI_Optimization]

- The logic was refactored. The performance was greatly improved.