---
title: v1.9.3.0 Update Notes
tags: [Update Notes, 1.9.3.0]
---

## Modifications on Daily Routines

- An issue that the auto update feature didn't work has been fixed.
- The implementation logic of instant movement was optimized.
- The module permissions on `Traditional Chinese` servers and `Korean` servers were finely tuned.
- Some texts regarding module permissions were adjusted.
- The acquisition logic of the default Dalamud font based on the current game client was adjusted.
- The acquisition logic of Daily Routines configurations (which don't include module configurations) was adjusted.
- A 3-second delay was introduced while reloading the language, in order to prevent some edge case asynchronous exceptions.
- The appearance of the Daily Routines tray widget was adjusted. Some new animations were introduced.
- The garbage collection mechanism was optimized.
- New configurations `Jump Correction` and `Diving Correction`. Enabled by default.

## New modules

## Module modifications

### Right-click Movement [General]

- An issue that the `vnavmesh` mode couldn't be selected has been fixed.
- The drawing logic of the configuration interface was refactored.
- The display of destination lines was optimized.
- The module will automatically optimize destination coordinate calculations using `vnavmesh` if enabled.

### Auto Leave Duty [Combat]

- The drawing logic of the configuration interface was refactored.
- Some misleading tips are not intercepted.
- An issue that the option `Force to leave the duty` didn't work has been fixed.

### Instantly Leave Duty [Combat]

- Some misleading tips are not intercepted.

### Better Teleportation [UI_Optimization]

- Brand new interaction animations within the floating window were introduced.
- The layout logic within the floating window was refactored.
- Brand new display animations within the floating window were introduced.
- Now all the aetherytes and aethernet shards in the current zone will be displayed on the floating map.
- An issue that the positions of aetherytes and aethernet shards may be shifted a bit has been fixed.
- Now users could scale the floating map by pressing the interrupt hotkey and scrolling.
- Now users could pin the floating map by holding the interrupt hotkey, in order to interact with the aetherytes and aethernet shards on it or to execute instant movement to a right-click location.

### Auto Hunt Mobs Finder [Script]

- An issue that the character may teleport to an incorrect destination has been fixed.
- An issue that some mobs may be unexpectedly omitted during scanning has been fixed.
- An issue that the module may get stuck in `The Ruby Sea` and `Kozama'uka` due to overloaded check tasks has been fixed.

### Quick World Travel Command [System]

- An issue of null exceptions if it's not the first login in local has been fixed.
- An issue that some data belongs to Simplified Chinese servers may be displayed while on Traditional Chinese servers or on Korean servers has been fixed.

### Fast Teleportation Panel [UI_Optimization]

- The appearance of the module tray widget was adjusted. Some new animations were introduced.