---
title: v2.0.4.0 Update Notes
tags: [Update Notes, 2.0.4.0]
---

## Framework Modifications

- The authentication logic has been refactored.
- An issue of invalid dependency caches has been fixed.
- Verbose logs have been introduced during the process of compiling local modules for development purposes.
- Multiple issues regarding redundant framework resources have been fixed.
- The lifecycle management of module resources has been optimized.
- The connection to the authentication service has been improved.
- An issue of null references while accessing the main interface after updating Daily Routines has been fixed.
- An issue of null references while reloading a module after expanding its configuration options has been fixed.
- An issue that the interaction animation of module cards in the main interface may flicker while enabling or disabling a module has been fixed.
- New "fake update" logic has been introduced. Daily Routines won't be loaded when the plugin info version in Dalamud is inconsistent with the assembly version.
- Plugin behaviours when loading fails have been adjusted. Exceptions would be thrown directly and a failure prompt would pop up in Dalamud to better indicate illegal operations.
- The logic of determining whether an object is a player has been optimized.

## Module Modifications

### Right-click Movement [General]

- An issue of frequent unnecessary suspension of vanvmesh navigation has been fixed.

### Auto Count Players Nearby [General]

- An issue that the floating window may be unavailable after re-logging in has been fixed.
- An issue caused the file size related to Dalamud interfaces to grow rapidly has been fixed.

### Auto Display Mitigation Details [Combat]

- An issue that the floating window may be unavailable after re-logging in has been fixed.

### Better Frame Rate Cap [System]

- An issue that the control panel may be unavailable after re-logging in has been fixed.
- A new monitor panel has been introduced and could be accessed via Server Info Bar.

### Better Instance Switching [System]

- An issue that the floating window may be unavailable after re-logging in has been fixed.

### Auto Display Network Latency [System]

- An issue that the floating window may be unavailable after re-logging in has been fixed.

### Better Enmity List [UI_Optimization]

- An issue of null references after disabling and re-enabling the module has been fixed.

### Occult Crescent Helper [Assistance]

- An issue caused the file size related to Dalamud interfaces to grow rapidly has been fixed.

### Frontline Player Radar [Combat]

- An issue caused the file size related to Dalamud interfaces to grow rapidly has been fixed.

### Auto Cosmic Fortune [General]

- The module now requires sauthentication.

### Live Anonymous Mode [General]

- The performance has been improved.

### Auto Make Pasted Texts Single Line [General]

- A new smart detection has been introduced in order to check if an input bar is single-line or multi-line. Different behaviours specific to the types of input bars have also been introduced.
- Now all the end-of-line characters would be converted into valid end-of-line characters for the game while pasting in any multi-line input bar.
- The module description has been adjusted accordingly.

### Fast Teleportation Panel [UI_Optimization]

- The width of the left sidebar within the floating window has been adjusted.

### Expand Target Radius [System]

- An issue that the character may be unable to sit down in some areas after enabling the module and setting an increment greater than 0.8 has been fixed.

### Better FATE Progress UI [UI_Optimization]

- The appearance of the component indicating the number of Gemstones has been improved.

### Expanded Player Right-click Menu Search [UI_Optimization]

- The logic has been refactored. The scalability has been enhanced.

### FC Member Manage Panel [UI_Optimization]

- The performance while drawing the floating window has been improved.