---
title: v2.1.1.0 Update Notes
tags: [Update Notes, 2.1.1.0]
---

## Framework Modifications

- Various dependencies have been updated.
- Precise coordinates of `Aetherytes` / `Aethernet Shards` have been introduced.
- An issue of incorrect logic while joining `Bozjan Southern Front` has been fixed.
- An issue that it didn't travel via `Aethernet Shards` has been fixed.
- New optimized routes have been introduced as follows:
    - Gangos ↔ Doman Enclave
    - Phantom Village → Tuliyollal
    - Yak T'el → Tuliyollal
    - Sinus Ardorum → Mare Lamentorum
    - Phaenna → Mare Lamentorum
    - Oizys → Mare Lamentorum
    - Auxesia → Mare Lamentorum
    - Old Gridania ↔ East Shroud
    - Yanxia → Doman Enclave
    - Limsa Lominsa Lower Decks ↔ Western La Noscea
    - Limsa Lominsa Lower Decks ↔ Eastern La Noscea
    - Limsa Lominsa Lower Decks ↔ Kugane
    - Limsa Lominsa Lower Decks ↔ Western Thanalan
    - Limsa Lominsa Lower Decks ↔ Old Sharlayan
    - Limsa Lominsa Upper Decks ↔ Ul'dah - Steps of Nald
    - Limsa Lominsa Upper Decks ↔ New Gridania
    - Limsa Lominsa Upper Decks ↔ Ishgard
    - Limsa Lominsa Upper Decks ↔ Gold Saucer
    - Limsa Lominsa Upper Decks ↔ Radz-at-Han
    - Radz-at-Han ↔ Kugane
    - Radz-at-Han ↔ Ul'dah - Steps of Nald
    - Radz-at-Han ↔ New Gridania
    - Radz-at-Han ↔ Pillars
    - Pillars ↔ Gold Saucer
    - New Gridania ↔ Ul'dah - Steps of Nald
    - New Gridania ↔ Pillars
    - New Gridania ↔ Ul'dah - Steps of Nald
    - New Gridania ↔ Gold Saucer
    - Ul'dah - Steps of Nald ↔ Gold Saucer
    - Crystarium ↔ Amh Araeng
    - Crystarium ↔ Eulmore
    - Crystarium ↔ Kholusia
    - Living Memory ↔ Skydeep Cenote Inner Chamber
    - Yak T'el ↔ Skydeep Cenote Inner Chamber
    - Yak T'el ↔ Lower Jeuno
    - Old Sharlayan → Thavnair
    - Mare Lamentorum ↔ Nethergate
    - Nethergate ↔ Garlemald
    - Lochs ↔ Garlemald
    - Lochs ↔ Royal Menagerie
    - Labyrinthos ↔ Ultima Thule
    - Elpis ↔ Ocular
    - Ocular ↔ Crystarium
    - Ocular ↔ Syrcus Trench
    - Mor Dhona ↔ Syrcus Trench
    - Mor Dhona ↔ Omphalos
    - Mor Dhona ↔ Rising Stones
    - Kugane ↔ Prima Vista
    - Prima Vista ↔ Prima Vista Bridge
    - Sea of Clouds ↔ Parrock
    - Waking Sands ↔ Western Thanalan
    - Tuliyollal ↔ Old Sharlayan
    - Empyreum → Foundation
    - Mist → Limsa Lominsa Lower Decks
    - Goblet → Ul'dah - Steps of Thal
    - Lavender Beds → Old Gridania
    - Lavender Beds → Central Shroud
- An issue that vendor data have to be re-built every time while loading Daily Routines due to EntryPoint injection has been fixed.
- An issue that the game may crash after the second Daily Routines loading due to KamiToolKit defects has been fixed.
- An issue that there may be an unexpected delay while acquiring nearby players has been fixed.
- A disconnection issue while running Daily Routines on KR client has been fixed.

## Module Modifications

### Better Custom Delivery Information [Interface]

- New Custom Delivery `Tiisol Ja` has been introduced.
- The interface has been re-created using vanilla game assets.
- An issue that resource reclamation may crash the game has been fixed.
- An issue of the incorrect map pop-up while checking `Kai-Shirr`'s location has been fixed.

### Auto Save Recruitment Edit Info [Recruitment]

- An issue that accessing the right-click menu may crash the game has been fixed.

### Auto FATE [Script]

- An issue that the character would get stuck in an unexpected position after teleporting to  `Solution Nine` has been fixed.
- The wayfingding logic within a FATE has been improved and streamlined.
- An issue that the process may get stuck if `Forlorn Maiden` / `Forlorn` is in an unreachable position in combat has been fixed.
- An issue that, the character would remain in place instead of navigating to the FATE center if no FATE target is available at that time, has been fixed.
- Now `Sprint` would be utilized during the process.
- `Auto Extract Materia`, `Auto FATE Level Sync` and `Auto Initiate FATE` are no longer prerequisite modules.
- New logic of auto level sync has been introduced.
- An issue that the process may get stuck if it's navigating to a FATE requires manual initialization has been fixed.
- Now the module would better simulate behaviours of a normal player while engaging FATEs require manual initialization.
- The distance threshold of NPC interaction has been adjusted.
- Now the character would prioritize collecting items and navigate to relevant positions during collection FATEs.
- New smart logic has been introduced for collection FATEs, including calculating progress contribution of items and determining the best time to submit items.

### Better Teleportation [Interface]

- The logic has been fully refactored. Now the module supports various aetheryte interactions.
- Now the module supports teleporting to aetherytes in `Cosmic Exploration` zones.
- An issue that, travelling from an aetheryte to another in the same zone may not be considered as a part of the teleportation process, has been fixed.
- An issue that the interface may not be hidden automatically after teleportation has been fixed.
- The notification appearance has been adjusted.
- An issue of unexpected prices of aethernet shards if the aetheryte of the zone is a favourite or a free destination has been fixed.

### Auto Repair [System]

- The module logs is now explicit.
- The notification appearance has been adjusted.
- The logic has been improved and streamlined.
- An issue of duplicate notification in some rare cases has been fixed.

### Persistent Fishing Status [System]

- An issue that a part of the module description was missing has been fixed.

### Auto Prevent Duplicate Actions [Action]

- An issue of null reference in some rare cases has been fixed.

### Auto Lucid Dreaming [Action]

- An issue of duplicate chat notifications in some rare cases has been fixed.
- The notification appearance has been adjusted.

### Better Enmity List [Combat]

- The update logic of the interface has been fixed.
- The position of cast texts has been adjusted.
- An issue that the status component may be misplaced while running 150% scaling has been fixed.

### Auto Extract Materia [System]

- The module logs is now explicit.
- The notification appearance has been adjusted.
- The logic has been improved and streamlined.
- Now all upcoming tasks would be terminated if it's joining a combat or executing an action.
- Now a new event log to inform a spiritbound gear has been extracted has been introduced.
- The module description has been adjusted.

### Better Frame Rate Cap [System]

- The floating window would be hidden when it loses focus.

### Auto Display Network Latency [Interface]

- The floating window would be hidden when it loses focus.

### Fast Object Interaction [Interface]

- The performance has been improved.
- Now the default font scaling is 0.6.
- Now it would list all available aethernet shards.

### Better Chat Panel [Interface]

- An issue of being unable to scroll has been fixed.
- An issue that UI components in `Special Icon Char` may be crossing horizontal boundaries has been fixed.
- An issue that some localization fields may be missing in `Settings` has been fixed.