---
title: v2.1.2.0 Update Notes
tags: [Update Notes, 2.1.2.0]
---

## Framework Modifications

- Various dependencies have been updated.
- New optimized routes have been introduced as follows:
    - Shirogane → Kugane
    - East Shroud ↔ Fringes
- Now the navigation logic between zones would consider consuming aetheryte tickets.

## New Modules

### Auto Hide Current Target In PVP [Duty]

*Authentication Required*

Automatically make targeting operations implicit by preventing targeting data from being uploaded, so that the character is not targeting anyone from others' perspective.

## Module Modifications

### Better Enmity List [Combat]

- New configuration options have been introduced as follows:
    - Cast Text
        - Offset
        - Font Size
        - Text Colour
        - Stroke Colour
    - HP Text
        - Offset
        - Font Size
        - Text Colour
        - Stroke Colour
    - Status
        - Offset
        - Scaling

### Auto FATE [Script]

- Now the character would proceed to submit all the items held if the progress reaches 100% during a collection FATE.
- An issue that, the module may proceed to another zone even when a previous collection FATE has not ended yet or the character is holding a "Twist of Fate" status, has been fixed.
- An issue that the module may initiate a duty joining & leaving process while extracting materia or repairing gears has been fixed.
- An issue that the module may travel frequently among the given zones in the `Multi-zone` mode has been fixed.
- An issue that the character may try to navigate to illegal positions during the FATE `Fire Suppression` in `Urqopacha` has been fixed.
- The logic after getting stuck in combat status has been improved.

### Auto Gather In Diadem [Script]

- Now shortcut buttons are available in the floating window.
- The overall fluency has been improved.
- The logic of travelling via Windmire has been improved, to prevent getting stuck above a Windmire.
- The floating window would remain visible after displaying it until leaving Diadem or Firmament.

### Auto Draw Motifs [Action]

- An issue that the module would try to draw motifs even the character is in the `Busy` status has been fixed.

### Live Anonymous Mode [General]

- Now no value would be assigned to the name icon in the interface component `NamePlate`.

### Healer Helper [Action]

- The notification appearance has been improved.

### Auto Prevent Duplicate Actions [Action]

- The notification appearance has been improved.